New abilities first commit (#36)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/rapid-fire.adoc

`Unit ability`

> These units specialise in laying down heavy fire as soon as they take up position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These units are especially skilled at laying down heavy, accurate fire when they are in a static position.
```

[NOTE.e40k]
====

> In comparison to _Epic 40,000_, we've changed the {rapid-fire} ability from doubling the Firepower value to increasing it by 1. This doesn't affect any of the original units with {rapid-fire} as they all had Firepower 1, but this allows us to add new units with Firepower 2 or higher and {rapid-fire}, without them becoming overpowered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {e40k}, when the _Rapid Fire_ ability is active it *doubles* the unit's Firepower value.
We've changed this so that the effect scales in linear fashion when we add {rapid-fire} to units that have Firepower `2` or more.
This doesn't affect any of the original {e40k} units that have _Rapid Fire_, as they all have Firepower `1` -- so the net result remains the same.
```

====

---

Where your unit has the {rapid-fire} ability:

> * Add +1 to its Firepower value when it is on Overwatch orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* While it is on Overwatch orders, add +1 to its Firepower value.
```

`Unit ability`

These units are especially skilled at laying down heavy, accurate fire when they are in a static position.

[NOTE.e40k]
====
In {e40k}, when the _Rapid Fire_ ability is active it *doubles* the unit's Firepower value.
We've changed this so that the effect scales in linear fashion when we add {rapid-fire} to units that have Firepower `2` or more.

> This doesn't affect any of the original {e40k} units that have _Rapid Fire_, as they all have Firepower `1` -- so the net result remains the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This doesn't affect any of the original {e40k} units that have _Rapid Fire_ -- they all have Firepower `1`, so the net result remains the same.
```
